Displayed Text: Ernesto Vaquilar; Progress Reel;
AN01 | Mentor: Anthony Wong.
An animated flamingo walks proudly and gracefully.
The flamingo walk cycle from the side.
The flamingo walk cycle from the front.
Stewart balancing on his hands.
Stewart dramatically exhausted on a bench.
An animated vanilla walk cycle of Ballie from the side.
Ballie's walk from the front.
Stewart in a concerned pose.
An animated squirrel jumps onto a fence to reach an acorn.
An offscreen dog barks and scares the squirrel away.
Stewart pulls on a rope with all his physical strength.
An animated pendulum hits an incoming beach ball.
The pendulum stops, and the pendulum chain slowly settles.
Stewart in a devastated pose.
A bowling ball drops down on a beach ball, causing it to
bounce.
Both balls eventually settle.
Stewart in an excited pose.
An animation of a bouncing and settling ball.
Stewart in a pose observing the wonder of a growing plant.
Displayed Text: Animation Basics; Fall Term 2021.